BBODY refscript size check (#4450)
input-output-hk/cardano-ledger: eras/alonzo/impl/CHANGELOG.md

# Version history for `cardano-ledger-alonzo`

> ## 1.10.0.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1.10.0.0
```

> * Rename `bbodyTransition` to `alonzoBbodyTransition` and add `InjectRuleFailure` constraint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Rename `bbodyTransition` to `alonzoBbodyTransition` and change its type signature
```
